hello how about friends this time
I bring the game of nba 2 every 15 so
I hope you open them from this video and what
can support with a line and we can
just released and is available so
only in the actor measurement so the
description of the video will leave you in link
so they can download it and once
leave the game in prehistory
update the link so they can
download directly from there
the fire has a weight of 1.9 gigas
approximately and requires a
4.2 top version of Android for
to be able to operate in terms of hardware what
more advisable is to execute yo game in
devices that have a memory
1gb ram as the game as you can
see account with some excellent graphics
and therefore needs a good
hardware to be able to move from good
way maybe I can the functions in
devices that have a memory
so 512 megabytes but commercially not
it is more advisable to execute it in
devices with at least 1 gb of ram
so that it does not work in a more
fluid
i
yes
the version until 10 then 1.0 but
I remind you that in the link of the
description of the video you will find
he was updated as he gets in
the fire once it is available in the
Facebook
the game as you can see has about
excellent graphics and because of that is the
play something every good thing of this
game is that we do not need a
Internet connection to play
or not
and
As for the gameplay, it's pretty
simple and easy to understand from the side
left of the screen we will have the
joystick with which we will move to
our players and the right side
We will have three different buttons
action
i
good friends I remember that if you like
can join the facebook group and
follow me on facebook twitter since there
I would be publishing more we can and
applications for your devices
android and if you like they can also happen
to my website here and may
find much more content for your
devices I remind you that this game
it weighs approximately 1.9 gigas and
that requires an android version
4.2 but to be able to function
well, there are engravers outside
excellent games and that yes do not forget
support with unity and share the visionary
social networks if you like you can also
live to this channel
I remind you that the link to download
the game that leave them in the description
of the video see you the next bye